Basic:

1. Variables, Constants and Comments
2. DataType
3. Strings
4. String Methods
5. Numbers
6. Template Strings
7. Arrays
8. Null and Undefined
9. Boolean and Comparisons
10. Loose and Strict Comparisons
11. Type Conversion

Control Flow:

1. For Loop
2. While Loop
3. Do While Loop
4. If statements
5. Else and Else If statements
6. Logical Operations
7. Logical Not
8. Break and Continue
9. Switch statements
10. Variables and Block

Functions

1. Function declarations
2. Function expressions
3. Arguments and Parameters
4. Return values
5. Arrow functions
6. Function vs Methods
7. ForEach methods
8. Callbacks
9. Callbacks & Actions

Objects

1. Create object
2. Adding methods
3. "this" keywords
4. Objects in Arrays
5. Math objects
6. Primitive vs Reference

Java Script Skills:

	Arrays
	Filters
	find
	Map
	slice
	split
	

	
	
Tools:

1. Editors (Notepad++, Sublime, VS Code)
2. NodeJS


-------------------------Practice problems -------------------------------------------------

Variables:

1. what is single line comments and multi-line comments
2. List few Javascript keywords
3. what is variable declaration
4. what is variable assignments
5. what is statements
6. how javascript statements end
7. give an example of constant variables and display result
8. give an example of regular variables and display result
9. how to comment javascript code
10. Write a program to add values from two variables and assign the result to the third variable then print the result


String and String Methods:

1. Write a program to display "Today is Monday"
2. Write a program to display the length of "Today is Monday"
3. Write a program to replace "Monday" to "Tuesday" 
4. Write a program to display number of words in "Today is Monday"
5. Write a program to display all characters in lower case of "Today is Monday"
6. Write a program to display all characters in upper case of "Today is Monday"
7. Write a program to display character in reverse of "Today" string
8. Convert string to camel case
9. Convert string to camel case
10. Concatenation two string


Numbers and Numbers Methods:

1. write a program to add two numbers
2. write a program to subtract two numbers
3. write a program to divide two numbers
4. write a program to multiply two numbers
5. write a program to display remainder of two numbers
6. write a program to add numbers with string
7. write a program to add string with number
8. write a program to divide number with string
9. write a program to divide strings with number
10. write a program to multiply numbers with string
11. write a program to multiply string with number
12. write a program to convert numbers to string
13. write a program to convert string to number
14. write a program to copy values to new variable and update original variable values then print copied values
15. write a program to print greeting with template string


For Loop:
1. write a program to greet 10 times
2. write a program to display all items from an array
3. write a program to compare two numbers are equals or not using Boolean function
4. write a program to compare two strings are equals or not using Boolean function
5. write a program to compare two variable using strict and losely type
6. write a program to compare two or more expression conditions using && 
7. write a program to compare two or more expression conditions using ||
8. write a program to using not (!) on expression 
9. write a program to display current time 5 times
10. write a program to convert all the elements in an array to upper case
	Example: let arr = ["apple", "orange", "mango"]
